# Our Development Process
- The tool that worked well for our team is Facebook messenger. We are all active Facebook users so that any new message coming to our group chat would be seen immediately. Whenever an issue found or a new task is created, we just post to the messenger and whoever has time or being interested will take care of it. A convention of our team is that we do weekly meetings throughout the entire term to keep everybody aware of our schedule.
- Meeting daily or every two days didn’t work for us. As mentioned in the report for last phase, our team members are from 3 different campuses, and some of us are working full time. It’s really difficult to schedule a meeting time, so meeting too frequently isn’t a good idea. To be honest, scrum-like process didn’t work very well either. Third year Computer Science is like hell, everyone is just too busy to plan. The plan we had for each sprint was always pushed to the next. 
- Kanban worked better for us than the scrum-like process due to its flexibility. If we are continuing working as a team, we would work in a way which has less in-person meetings (we do a lot of online chat though), not splits each iteration into sprints, and focuses on continuous delivery. We’ll plan our tasks at the beginning of each iteration, and the WIP would be limited to 3 to 4 as we do pair programming. During each iteration, team members would continuously work on the features/tasks they are responsible for until finish or the end of the iteration, and move on to the next. If there’re any difficulty, they’d just speak in the group chat, asking for help. Once a member submits the pull request, the other member in the pair would do the code review for him/her and merge the PR. On the day of each deadline, we will meet in person or all stay online and keep ourselves reachable by members, and do the final touch up of the project until deadline passed.
