## Minimum Viable Product

We will be making a real-time messaging web app, targeted at university students and faculty. Initially, we will only be opening this service up to University of Toronto students and faculty; users must use their mail.utoronto.ca email to register. Any user will be able to join, subscribe, create, and participate in channels, which are essentially chat-rooms revolving around a single theme, such as a particular club or course, or more general topics such as faculties and school events.

The messaging app will have a well-designed and easy-to-use interface. While it is easy to say these things, these claims are not unsubstantiated: our team is dedicated to crafting a beautiful and enjoyable user experience. The design of our application will lean towards minimalism in all its aspects.

There are several technical challenges associated with such a project. The most important one is Latency i.e. the delay time between a user sending a message to a channel and all users subscribed to that channel receiving the message, The overcoming of this challenge is extremely crucial in such a real-time application. There must be little delay in the app for maximum responsibility. Fortunately, our team is familiar with programming tools focused on lowering latency. Our app has the advantage of being multi-platform operational as it is web based. Another advantage the app has is that its extremely exclusive in its user group; only UofT students can sign up. This allows the discussion channels to be more focused and professional. Our aim for the app is to have it become the GO-TO medium for campus related activity academic or non-academic.

In conclusion, our application will be the easiest and hassle-free way for any student or faculty member to instantly participate in real-time public dialogue.
